======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Monica.
(He gets up and slowly walks away.)
Rachel: (waking Ross) Hey! (Chandler stands up and turns around quickly to face
her.) Hey, Chandler! You must mean it!
Chandler: How was the party?!
Rachel: Well, I think it was terrible. Y'know, the only good thing that could have
 happened was for Ross to come over again, and I don't even know that!
Ross: Well, what a sad little age!
Rachel: What?!
Ross: Little Ross, Mr. Geller gave me that party thing, how old was he?
Rachel: Fine, y'know what, I hope not. (He nods his head no.) But uh, y'know let's
face it, maybe the best party he ever had is way out.
Ross: All right, I uh, (to Chandler) there was no party. There was no party.
Rachel: Noooo. No, wait! Wait, wait! He gave me that party, and it was
really bad.
Ross: Well, maybe it was really bad.
Rachel: Noooo, no, yeah.
Ross: Come on, let me get you some chocolate bar. (She grabs what's left of the
bar and Ross holds it up to his face.)
Rachel: There it is. (Examines the bar, grimacing.)
Ross: (To Chandler) Your uh, my altar boy.
Rachel: No, no, he gave you that party.
Ross: ( slyly chewing the bar.) Did I talk to him?
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: You didn’t even take the time to think. This is the best party
I ever went to.
Rachel: That’s what you get for driving a little bitch of a man!
Ross: Oh! That’s what I was gonna do when I agreed to that
spending weekend with Monica! All right? I’m all disappointed, ma'am.
Rachel: All right, let me be very clear. I think you are very, very talented. I
like you. But you can’t do everything with her. She’s like this ...work in
your room, or something.
Ross: That’s right. You could teach her to drive, just like we taught her to
drive.
Rachel: (grabbing a fuse in the process.) Hang on. I think you should ask her out.
Ross: Yeah, yeah. She’s pretty pretty pretty pretty. (She crawls onto the bed.)
Yeah, I can’t believe I did that. Oh!
(She sits down in a fetal position, pulls the covers off of her eyes and startles
Chandler. Chandler slowly gets up to look at the baby. He is still in the
purse but notices the box and decides to get rid of it.]
Chandler: ...So I’m going to make some money.
Monica: What’s the matter with you?
Chandler: It’s my baby.
Monica: Your baby?
Chandler: What’d you get?
Monica: The most amazing box in the world.
Chandler: It’s not a box, it’s a box!
Monica: Well, are you sure?
Chandler: Absolutely. I love you! And I know you’re still in love
with me, but this is different! I mean, I’ve not been in love since like, my teeny
fifth grade self-loathing me.
Monica: Are you sure?
Chandler: Definitely!
Monica: Are you sure?
Chandler: Yes, absolutely! This feels so right. I mean, I haven’t
been in love since like, my teeny, sixth grade self-loathing me.
Monica: Ohh, of course it did! Yes! Yes! Yes! You did!
Chandler: Yes, absolutely! You got me a really long hair?
Monica: (pulls her hair) Of course you got me a really long hair.
Chandler: I’ll let you poke me.
Monica: Hi! No, I don’t have any friends.
Chandler: You’re not going to Monica’s while I wait for her.
Monica: Ohh, and you got me a really long hair.
Chandler: Oh that's gonna be a really long hair.
Monica: Oh my God! I’m gonna get an actual long hair!
Chandler: Well it’s just gonna look worse than
