======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, so... it seems you don't mind talking smackin
about stuff, huh?
(Chandler does so, and after a quick smacking with the lumps back on, Joey back on
his feet)
(They move into mitten-fur, and then we see Marcel doing the jumping again. Apparently
the lumps are still there after the first attempt, and he is practicing again under a tree.)
[Scene: The Moondance Diner, Ross is talking to Monica about her movie.]
Ross: I had a dream that, thanks to you, my movie would end in like,
perigee dancing all over the place. I mean, how 'bout a day's work?
Monica: What happened?
Ross: It was a one-time-thing. I had these two people come in and kill me.
[Time lapse, Ross and the people from the TV terminal have moved into position
to handle the monkey.]
Ross: (thinks) Better yet, Monica. Better yet, the monkey. Better yet, Time
and the monkey.
(Monica takes a step into the distance and starts fumbling around with the stick)
Monica: Man, it's a wonder to see ya again So get out! Get out now! Get outta here!
Get outta here! (Monica tries to warn the monkey off, it grabs the stick and
blows it away) Kill it it, kill it!
[Scene: Joey and the Casting Director: Everyone, this is Joey, Joey's agency, and
Casting Director Barry.]
Casting Director: Well, when it's your turn, can I go to the audition.
Joey: Oh! Okay. Well, how about this? (He takes a picture.) What kind of picture?
Casting Director: Ah, umm, see, I'm on the stand right now, so if you don't stick around,
I'll call you. 
Joey: Oh, I see.
Casting Director: (calls him back) If you do, I want you to take a picture of you
trying to figure out what the hell happened. 
Joey: Oh yeah? See, I said, I want you to try.
Casting Director: Yes! Okay. Take that picture. Take it and I'll send you a picture of
you tryin' on something, uh, me.
Joey: Me?, please, I don't make up reasons why I'm not seeing you.
Casting Director: Okay. I'm calling you again er, tomorrow.
Joey: Okay, bye. (He goes to get some money from the sales man.)
Casting Director: (looking at the picture) Try it again, it's two from 1:00.
Joey: You still got it?
Casting Director: Yeah, I'm thinking we can get you one of these things....
Joey: Oh, yeah.
Casting Director: You're up.
Joey: Okay.
Casting Director: Forget about me.
Joey: Oh, no! No, no, I'm telling you what I already learned. That you're a talented
video producer, but, but...
Casting Director: You're not learning.
Joey: Yeah, maybe I should get some sleep.
Casting Director: Tonight's audition is a little tricky. You must be very hungry.
Joey: You are?
Casting Director: Ah, try it harder. Tomorrow's the audition, not midnight.
Joey: (before he puts in the part) I'm thinking of all us who were there that night.
Now, I see how you solved it. With Marcia.
Casting Director: It's easy, you just trust me.
Joey: Yeah, I did it. (Joey walks out)
Casting Director: He's right, it's...
Joey: Stupid.
Casting Director: A plus! Excellent! You'll never be that way!
Joey: What?
Casting Director: You're not Stupid.
Joey: offensive.
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Elizabeth is entering.]
Elizabeth: God, what a great surprise!
Monica: Oh honey, have you found the dress?
Elizabeth: Oh yeah, it's the I Love You Feel So Well lace wedding dress from Another World.
Chandler: Well, you look so beautiful.
Monica: No, you don't.
Elizabeth: Well, that's 'cause it's a very lace dress.
Chandler: Yes, it is.
Monica: And, you know, this is probably why the lace man hasn't found
the perfect man yet.
Elizabeth: Well, how do we tell a
