======== SAMPLE 1 ========
Chum

Rachel: (entering)

Monica: Hi, I'm Ross Ross! The girl who taught me the lesson
there once was a woman, and she said one thing after another, but there are two!
Chum: (laughs) The fact that this one
got her name wrong, and she had the name wrong, is one thing, it's the fact
that I'm writing this for you.

Rachel: Okay. (Joey and Monica enter.)

Phoebe: Okay, now all right, I know your name and I know that you're a
nice guy, but you have trouble knowing who I've been going out to
to.

Ross: No! What? No! It wasn't your name! (Does that.) I
didn't know you. So I think that I just needed someone to explain something.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment, Ross is there. This has been Ross's job for the past ten
years.]
Ross: Well, I'm very busy here now. You know, the whole 'I'm going out with Emily
Gilligan and
'Emily Geller.' I mean, that should've been Emily. I could have said that, but the
fact that she said that made me want to scream in my head.

Monica: And it really did! It was really fun! (Monica
does) And you know what I'm not saying? She'll keep saying nothing!

Rachel: No! (Grabs her phone) It's your favorite phone! I mean, it's
just the best phone! That's why I gave you my phone.

Ross: (hands it back) Hi.

Monica: Hi.

Ross: Hi. (He opens the door behind him.)
[Scene: the bathroom, both Joey and Phoebe are there while Ross and Rachel enter from behind the
door]

Everyone: Hey!

Joey: Joey! We're there and we like this party and all.

Rachel: (looks at him) I-I like this party.

Joey: I get to be the party's guest.

Rachel: I don't know why I don't like it, I mean you're a big fan of the
guy. He's so nice, he's kinda like him. The one thing I think I'm
not, that makes me feel too attached to him. (He tries to hide it from Phoebe
and she tries to keep it from him) I don't know. (Joey
sits down with Phoebe who is trying to hide it from him but Joey turns around to look.
They both move in and kiss.) Okay, you can see that he is actually a little
smaller than you. So um, if you want to make sure that he doesn't look too tiny,
you can try to squeeze him between his legs.

Phoebe: You don't need to do this, you do this. (She holds the phone between her legs
and puts it on top of Joey to hold his fingers together. Ross looks at him and laughs.) Then
I can put his thumb in the same place that your thumb is touching his thumb.
You wanna make the phone feel like a glove? Alright, now you go. (He opens it
and it is filled with a little black powder) Let me see. (The phone is still pressed together.) Ok, now
you're trying to squeeze it together with your thumbs. I think that's it. (He holds the
hug) (She walks up to Joey who smiles and puts her hand on the phone. It quickly
seems to get smaller and smaller the more he touches the phone. Then
he turns around and starts talking to Monica.]
Monica: (sitting in the back) Hello! You okay? Are we right? Are we okay?

Joey: Oh! Yeah! (He turns around and looks at her.) Hi! Um. Um. (He opens her
eyes.) Hey! Hi! Um, what’s up?
Monica: I-I just got back from the airport! (He holds her up as she walks away
again.)
Joey: What went so well?
Monica: Really well, I've been doing some fancy stuff with Phoebe too, um, she doesn’t
really have much luck with
phone touches. You know, I got a tip.
Joey: (reluctantly) Oh. (Monica laughs and he goes into the bathroom
to check on himself. The last thing he looks at before he goes gets caught up in
a whirlpool of laughter and Phoebe begins to walk along with him.
He slowly backs up the stairs
