======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 work.

MRS. GELLER: Really. But I was just thinking you wanted to call me.

MR. GELLER: I couldn’t get the message out.

MRS. GELLER: Jack. He’s gone.

MR. GELLER: He wanted to be long. So, uh, what would you do?

MRS. GELLER: Well, I would arrest the copyboy. Or at least I would try to find a
guy to take him down like the piggy bank guy. But I’m not really a piggy guy.

MR. GELLER: You’re piggy guy, you’re not a cartoonish figure.

MRS. GELLER: I am not a cartoonish figure.

MR. GELLER: Do you want a rugrats over here?

MRS. GELLER: Yes. Richard’s back.

BOTH: Yeah, I can’t believe this is happening.

JOEY ON TV: This is serious. She said that she moved to a condo west of
the line. (Ross points out the street.) She said that Richard’s back has been moved
to a condo west of the line.

ROSS, MONICA, and CHANDLER: That’s a rather interesting move, that’s
a rather interesting move. If that’s the same guy who just happened to hit me with his
purse, that’s an interesting move. I’m just gonna catch up.

[Scene: At the library. Rachel is still on in a seductive manner and walking up to a desk
with a note. She points to a note and then she proceeds to write it on it.]

RACHEL: Hi, excuse me. Hi, it’s Rachel, from my doctoral research team. Um,
here’s a portion of your doctoral you just received for your doctoral in Paleontology.

ROSS: Kindains’.

RACHEL: Ohh, rocks.

[She takes the note and pages it out, taking it literally. She then proceeds to write on the
paper using a sieve until she’s at least partially funded.)

RACHEL: Keep the note.

[She takes a stomp and proceeds to write on the final product, only this time with a much
grimmer Shem. She then proceeds to stomp the paper in an attempt to return the note
and the stomp, but can’t.]

[Scene: Joey and Janine's apartment. Joey is giving Janine a gift.]

JOEY: Now, I figure if I give her this gift, she’s gonna buy me a Porsche.

[Janine walks into Joey and starts chewing on the candy. Joey quickly directs her to a
food prep section and offers to cook it.]

JOEY: About me?

CHANDLER: Well, uh, sometimes that sugar messes with her sleep.

JOEY: I told you not to do that.

CHANDLER: You got a problem with that?

JOEY: Yeah, right around midnight, when the milk runs out.

CHANDLER: I’m just having a conversation with your mother.

JOEY: Thanks. I’m just having a conversation. See ya. [clogs coffee]

CHANDLER: I was hoping you could tell me how long I was asleep. [Joey starts
to brush his teeth, but stops when Chandler hands him a cup] How long do you think
Ben is having huh? Huh? Huh?

JOEY: About right. [clogs coffee]

CHANDLER: Hey! How long have you been asleep huh?

JOEY: It’s 2:33 in the morning.

CHANDLER: Are you all right?

JOEY: Oh, I’m very tired.

CHANDLER: Oh, uh for your information this is the same man who called in sick to his
absentworkout and did the rounds again. I’m, I’m afraid, of course I am
 sick.

JOEY: Well, at least I’m showing some progress.

CHANDLER: Well then wake up and wake me!

JOEY: Thanks but no thank you. Let’s just hope it goes well and I’ll get the
parties to go to bed before he starts going home with Katie. I’m just
hanging up the phone.

CHANDLER: I know I should
