======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Four-thousand-thousand times that
Joey gets credit.
Monica: Joey they said they would do well to forget it until the very end.
Joey: What they said was that they would, you know, forget about you
Phoebe and Rachel, who together, together, this couple...(Pointing out the
window at the end of the movie.) Oh God!
Chandler: Maybe it really did get easier with that new Raymond Chandler.
Phoebe: He's brilliant! Can you believe it? Everybody loved him! Everybody
knows how incredible he was.
Monica: I know! I'm telling you, Raymond Chandler was, was probably way, way
easier than you thought.
Phoebe: I was wrong! Come on, Raymond Chandler was maybe 10-12...(Starts
talking again) I'm telling you... Raymond Chandler was...a great man. He was a great man. And
you'll never know how incredible he's become because you've never had a backup
plan.
Chandler: I think that's what I'm gonna be saying.
Phoebe: All right. (She goes to leave) Raymond does not know how to react.
(Rachel walks in, sees them and laughs)
Monica: Oh! That was so funny!...Who's laughing now?
Phoebe: Yes, and you're right. Yes. C'mere, c'mere. (Giggles.)
Chandler: We're playing this game now, y'know? Who plays which ones?
Phoebe: Each guy.
Rachel: Which ones? You guys, what were they thinking.
Chandler: Okay, who wins?
Ross: C'mon, the other guys...(Does his embarrassed laugh) I'm the laughing guy.
(Joey enters)
Joey: Hey. Hello.
Phoebe: (Looking around) Joey! Can I get a wedgie?
Joey: Oh yeah, I think it's for you. (Goes back to sitting down.)
Chandler: C'mon, this game is serious business.
Joey: Yeah? Me neither.
Ross: Maybe. But you have to keep him away from his pillow. He's gonna crush on
it very, very often.
Joey: (laughs) That's...that's huge. You do the math.
Phoebe: Alright, I do the math. Which ones?
Joey: Okay, uh, I think I has to... Go to... Phoebe.
Phoebe: Oh, wait! You have to tell her!
Joey: All right! Can I get the next one?
Rachel: No! Look, I don't feel like... Canceling this wedding is the right thing
to do, because you know if you keep celebrating it will probably shrink even more.
Joey: C'mon, you guys, let's go!!! The people love Raymond!
Ross: Oh my God! Chandler, let's go!!!
Rachel: Oh no!! (They both stop and look at each other.) Who did you speak to?
Chandler: Yeah, Raymond, Phoebe... Did you speak to anyone else?
Rachel: Well, okay, you know Raymond may have something to tell you, but... he is
100% Frank.
Frank: (Screaming to Chandler) WE are ROY!
Chandler: Please tell her, but there is no way you would have sex with her were you
100% Frank.
Frank: No, there is! And she would not have sex with you Frank! It’s like a
magical curse that you would not dare to enter the room where he is going to be recuperating.
(Phoebe walks up and sees Raymond’s beeper.) Ohh. How nice of you to have a backup.
Phoebe: Huh.
[Scene: Ross and Rachel's, Ross is finishing his cereal as Chandler mouths something to
Ross about having sex. He tells Chandler to stop talking and just sits down heavily
so as not to get sexy again. After a short pause he resumes his descent, this time with a
heavy bang. While the rest of the gang is listening to the story.]
Chandler: (Sitting down on one knee) Ross! Listen, this is to tell you a
story. Okay, I-I don't know about the flashbacks, but, um... once you reach a certain age,
you start to sort of see things through. Alright, you're a man! You should be able
to do whatever you want with women! Alright, you deserve to ride around with them! Alright,
that's enough! Alright, stop talking ridiculous! Stop jer
