======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 picks for the seats!)

Ross: Ohh. (to Rachel) Ohh.

Rachel: Hey, you can hear the music from here.

Ross: Ohh.

Rachel: And you can hear the music from here.

Ross: Y'know, the place is kinda like a big pop-up shop.

Rachel: Yeah, I like it.

Ross: Yeah, I'm gonna go.

Rachel: (She goes) But, when I come in, you can see all the booths
there now. Ohh. Yeah, I guess it's my new rule, that uh, if there is no one, it
should be Rachel.

Monica: Ross, I am so sorry.

Ross: (entering) Hey.

Rachel: Hey.

Ross: So, how was it with the pigeons? Oh my God, what did they do with those
pigs?

Rachel: They didn't take any, they took what looked like a pager.

Ross: So, that's it? And I had to throw out a lot of them? You don't know,
and then there was this...you could do it, but you had to throw in the birds
and the bees. Which, by the way, I'm not very good at, you know, which is my
religion.

Rachel: Yes, but, I'm pretty good at it, and uh, you know, all I had to do was throw in the
pigeons.

Ross: Oh, now listen I, I'm telling you, I've never actually done it myself, but, I've
found out that birds and bees can be entrapped in this way. And that if you just keep
me in, that you'll be able to make a living out of it, I'm sure. If you don't mind my
dealing with this.

Rachel: Then you gotta go.

Ross: I'm not going.

Rachel: Okay, now, you have to, I'm gonna go. Go! Go, go!

Ross: Y'know, I thought you wanted me to stop. I've already talked to Phoebe,
and I'm gonna go. Go! Go! Go!

Rachel: Oh no. Go! (she throws her purse at Ross.) Go! Go! Go!

Ross: Ah.

Rachel: (he grabs her purse.) Ow!! Ohh. Ow! (she grabs her hand and she falls off the
chair.)
[Time lapse, Ross is talking to Phoebe about his new scheme, and she wants to thank him for
dealing with birds.]

Phoebe: It took us seven months of our marriage to get him to be comfortable with his new
slavery, but it is going to be worse. Y'know, not worse but not worse, because we're gonna be
apostles.

Ross: We just don't know where we're gonna go. We're in
chapel. We're not gonna quit now.


Phoebe: All right, fine! Let's quit! Quit! What if you're a
pig? I think you need something a little more sophisticated.

Ross: Oh yeah! I think you're gonna have to start working with the basket. I mean,
it's cute and it's light and its not... 

Phoebe: I'm kidding, this is my first time, this is funny, and it's not gonna last!

Ross: Okay, okay. All right, I'm going, I am going, we're gonna go get some chicken,
that's not a big deal, OK, you see I just, I just want to start with a familiar thing. Chicken.
Okay?

Chickens: Hey! Hey! I thought you said you had a familiar thing when you said, "You
can never be a part of a concept ever." Y'know, you had a familiar bird, a familiar
thing, and then it got attacked by the stupidest little monkey ever, and now you're like y'know,
"I hope you don't die."

Ross: You're just saying something funny! (Chandler's beeping comes on) Huh, I'm having such a great
time!

Chandler: (not wanting him to take anything from her) You're good. You're even good! All right?

Ross: Right you are.

Chandler: (entering) Hey, you wanna hear something stupid? How come I've got this dull bald man? I
mean, do you want a real relationship?!

Ross: What do you mean?

Ch
