======== SAMPLE 1 ========
: What's the matter? (Joey is
stunned.) It's my favorite part of the whole movie. (Jumping up.)
Rachel: (Stunned.) Whad'ya mean?!
Joey: Shhh, I dunno. The thing just keeps getting better and better! (Jumping up.)
Rachel: Thank God! I mean, it’s starting to snow. It’s starting to
 snow. (Smoke detectors go off.) Come on, come on! It’s getting so good at
y’know sketching that nobody even bothers to learn what they!know! They call it
threesome
Rachel: Okay, I’m gonna start watching porn right now. (Starts to get up.)
Joey: Hey you have a thirty minute window of opportunity here.
Rachel: Okay. I-I see you wear black.
Joey: That’s not okay. I want to break that window brother! (Points at the porn
comics company.) I’m the guy that broke that window!
Ross: Hi! You can’t break their window! You’re on a six night
weekEND!
Rachel: I’m the one guy that can!
Ross: Well I’m the guy that could!
Opening Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Rachel, Joey, and Phoebe are there. Ross has an
empty soda can on top of his head.]
Ross: So tell me about it. Why are you always staring into that guy’s
head all the time? I mean what’s it like to be an adult in a world where staring into
your head all the time is bad for you?
Joey: Yeah.
Ross: Look man, you have to tell me!
Joey: Why?
Ross: I…
Joey: Whatever you do, do not try to shimmy it.
(Ross picks up a basketball and a ball and drops it on Chandler’s butt.)
Chandler: Hi!
Ross: Ah….
Joey: Hey.
Chandler: So…You ever get a call from a woman who wants to have you
shot.
Ross: Ohh, it’s always on me.
Joey: Oh, great! Look! One, when she’s out and about, boom! You
get a call from the Director. Two, when she’s not around.
Phoebe: (screaming) BURRY!!!!
Chandler: What are you, BURRY!!!!
Joey: Look at her she'll just freak out.
(Chandler runs over and has a gun drawn.)
Closing Credits
[Scene: Phoebe and Rachel’s, Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe are talking.]
Phoebe: You guys have been working on this for like an hour.
Rachel: Ugh… Sure I’ve been working on it over the last couple of
months.
Joey: Really? Wait a minute! I was up all the way to the hanger…
Phoebe: Okay, umm the ‘hanger’.
Joey: Wait umm, not the ‘hanger’, but umm, the back of the machine.
Phoebe: Right.
Rachel: Right.
Phoebe: But there’s no screw on the reciprocating table.
Rachel: Right.
Phoebe: Oh, sorry.
Joey: Oh God.
Phoebe: Yeah, this machine sucks ‘em up!
Joey: This is so unfair.
Phoebe: Yeah well, unless you happen to be working right now.
Joey: Ohh.
Phoebe: Yeah, well go ahead.
Joey: Okay.
(Joey starts laughing.)
Phoebe: Oh my God.
End[Scene: Central Perk, Monica and Rachel are there as Ross enters.]
Ross: Well, it’s dark out.
Rachel: I know…
Monica: All right, we may not see each other anymore, but there are
things that I, I like about seeing my friends in the past. Y’know? Things that
I didn’t really have the life to growl at before. Y’know?
Rachel: I know! I mean, it feels different now!
Monica: What?
Rachel: It feels different right now.
Monica: Ohhh.
(We hear Phoebe laughing and Ross starting to cry.)
Ross: What’s different?
Rachel: Yeah, it’s Phoebe’
