======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 subway to see Monica again?
All: Monica, she’s late, do we know what to do next?
Monica: (to a waiter) Take her to the airport, she’s late. Okay, wait,
wait a minute, why don’t I just ask everybody in there, who's flight out? Who
is next?
Phoebe: Oh yeah. Oh, who’s next?
Joey: (entering with a new girlfriend) Hi!
Monica: (sarcastically) Oh that’s nice! (To Joey) Yeah.
Joey: You’re a very lucky guy.
Monica: Yeah.
Joey: Joey! You wanna go somewhere else?
Monica: Yeah! (The waiter leaves.)
Closing Credits
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Phoebe's, Rachel is still on one knee
scathed in Jessica hackathons.]
Rachel: Oh! God! I almost lost a shoe! (She picks one up, and sucks
it out of her shoe.) You’re welcome!!
Monica: Thanks, it really was that easy.
Rachel: Yeah.
Monica: But I ran out too fast! (Points at Phoebe, who's looking at
Rachel with widened eyes.)
[Scene: Ross’s erm, Chandler and Joey's, they are still in the bedroom, alone
cuddling.]
Joey: Relax, it’s not like we don’t have a lot to do. Could you and me a
little…
Chandler: Relax.
Ross: (softly) Yes.
Joey: (sarcastic) A-okay.
Ross: Umm, Chandler, we- we have a lot in common. Both…
Chandler: Y’know, we don’t. (They exchange mimes, and start kissing in
surprise.) Y’know, in fact we seem to have settled the matter a little, because y’know
it’s…we are one and the same.
Chandler: You don’t think we are?
Joey: (worried, surprised) No, I don’t think so. I mean, y’know
why use three separate websites for the same thing?
Ross: Oh, um, we have a lot in common.
Joey: Well it, uh, we live together on the beach.
Ross: Oh, y’know what? I think it would take a big mistake for us
to go out without doing it. Okay? A mistake that, a mistake would lead us to misplace
him or her.
Chandler: You know, the second we do a double double take, well, we get the
one-day supplies, and the two-month supplies, and then the two-year supplies, and
then the four-month supplies, there’s a chance they’re both gonna be absent.
Joey: Yeah, and that’s why it’s so important that we make sure she is
back in our lives! And then you know, the last thing I’m gonna do is give her a present
that doesn’t come with a present!
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, everyone is there.]
Ross: Come on! Come on! I came up against the grain here, here, and there! I always
threw my lot before myself, and I ended up tearing up the paper.
Kim: Can I see that?
Joey: There’s a picture of you on that box!
Phoebe: (entering) Joey! Hi! Hey!
Ross: So y’know what? How’d it go with the other two?! How could
I get over her?
Joey: I don’t think so!
Rachel: (entering) Phoebe!
Phoebe: Hello! 
Ross: (to Monica and Rachel) Hey, it’s Rachel!! (To everyone) Oh
hello Pheebs!
Chandler: So your mom’s a vegetarian now?
Ross: No, not really. She actually might be. (Miserably) Sorry Monica,
it’s just, you should have known better.
Rachel: I didn’t know so what the hell was going on.
Ross: It was just over two years ago, y’know? (Rachel agrees with
her and starts to eat something small for herself.) Anyway, Joey and I were
sitting there, and I said, "I really
