======== SAMPLE 1 ========
’t, it’s not that big a deal. We had
a great time with that guy.

Chandler: Yeah, we all had a little setback.

Ross and Rachel: Oh yeah, too.

Rachel: (To Ross) You know what might cheer him up? Meowing.

Ross: What?

Rachel: (To Joey) What might cheer him up?

Joey: What might cheer him up?

Ross: What might Joey up to now?

Joey: Too bad, I’m not closer to the subject.

Ross: Too bad.

Phoebe: (entering) Oh hey!

Rachel: Hey!

Phoebe: Hey.

Rachel: So..

Phoebe: Oh, hi! G'd and g'd. No, not much to see, just uh,
looks—Oh, big bear right now is standing right here and that bear is
standering things out of the fridge.

Chandler: (sarcastic) Hi, Rach.

Rachel: Look, I thought we said vegetarian here? Well…melon?
(Rachel notices that Joey has dyed his hair, I figure that’s another
idea.)

Joey: (muffled by the bear) What’s up?

Rachel: Oh, y’know what? Since we were, we’re still kinda in the
club.

Joey: Really?

Rachel: Yeah! It’s kinda like a two way street.

Joey: (trying to buy a cat) Cat! (Rachel gives him the cat.)
[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s, Chandler starts to eat a cookie that he won’t
eat. Which makes Chandler smile, because he’s already nodded off the
course of the meal. And when he does sit down, he minders thatinkle and offers
himself’s rear as a lasagna.]

Chandler: Okay, so now how many lasagnas are there?

Monica: (looking at the cookie) Oh my God, I’m obsessed.

Chandler: There were actually 13.

Monica: So he says, he gets a lasagna noodle in mind.

Chandler: Ooh, this is so exciting.

[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler is sitting on the couch when his dad enters.]

Mr. Geller: I’d like to take one for Richard.

Chandler: Yes? Well, why don’t we take you and your sister and their dog and
just sit her down. It’s like a pet shop. Huh? Huh? It’s a
little guy’s pleasure.

Mr. Geller: I know. (Exits.)

Chandler: Okay. (He moves closer to Monica and has his eyes shut.)

Mr. Geller: How’d the cookie go out?

Chandler: It’s a either/or situation. You know how I think thecookie went out?
[Cut to Joey’s sister’s apartment, Chandler has his hands wrapped around Ross’s
shoulders.]

Chandler: No! Y’know, that was…upgrade uh, third date.

Ross: (deadpan) Yes, that was amazing! Yeah, I’m really looking forward to
it.

Chandler: (putting his hands behind his back) Of course, of course.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler’s hotel room, Rachel is entering.]

Rachel: Monica! Stop it! It’s two guys, exactly, this sort’s never gonna happen!

Monica: Hey, I’m so glad you two are wearing those really tight jeans that say hello
to the universe!

Rachel: Ohh, it’s nice. It’s…really…nice.

Monica: I know it’s weird, but that’s what guys should mean.

Rachel: Well, what’s weird? I mean, I-I know I haven’t been playing with them in
almost a week, but that-that I think might be okay.

Monica: You can still I'm thinkin’ about me.

Rachel: Ohh, that’s great.

Monica: Well, I guess we’ll just have to put them back on.

Rachel: I hope not.
[Scene: Joey's apartment
