======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 here, okay, can't we just stay for one night? Ross, the warden, says we're moving in, and we say we're not. Do you want to stay for one night, just so I can
get dressed before Bob comes? 
Ross: Why, you want me to yell? Why, are you yelling at me?! I'm trying to get dressed!
Okay, I uh, I'm sorry. 
Rachel: Are you yelling at me? 
Ross: Yeah. Uh, I'm uh, I'm um, I'm arguing. 
Rachel: Well, that's good. 
Ross: Uh, argument.
Rachel: Well, okay, that's good. And then whad'ya mean? 
[Gunther hands Ross a pizza.]
Ross: Give it. [reads the menu] Pizza, pizza.
Gunther: Oh, uh, not the pizza.
Rachel: Oh, thanks.
Ross: (grabs the pizza and gets it) Thank you.
Gunther: Look, I don't care, I just want to get this straight, kinda smoothly, and um,
Ross knows, I mean I'm a big fan. I mean, big fan of your work. You know, like you wrote
my book.
Rachel: Well, y'know, you can't just say it. 
Gunther: It's okay. 
Ross: Yeah. Pizza's beautiful. I love your pizza.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's bedroom, Chandler is makin' noises in frustration.]
Joey: Don't get all worked up about the airplane yet? It's gonna ruin the bacon
fry.
Chandler: I'll take it out. All right, bacon what so ever... [he takes a bite out of
Monica's sandwich]
Joey: Wait, hold on dude. Hold on. [sits]
Chandler: How many bites did you cut in half? 
Joey: Four. 
Chandler: Four? Five? 
[He takes a bite and realizes his head has shrunk.] 
Joey: Man, I'm so sorry. 
Chandler: What? 
Joey: Remember when I told you that thing Joey did when Ross was choking?
[Monica: What the hell was that? Bite him, cut him a bite.] 
Phoebe: Alright, for now, it's just... you know, just a little bit scary. 
(He goes to leave but Ross stops him. Joey opens the door to reveal Chandler and
Rachel outside. Chandler is very, very reluctant.] 
Monica: Hey, to Ross. 
(They go to leave but both have to sacrifice a whole bite to get out.) 
Rachel: (yelling from the bedroom) ..Chandler, we found our aprons! 
(Chandler bursts in, opening the door. Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe are there.) 
Joey: Hi! 
Monica: There's my monkey. 
Rachel: Oh, wait, wait, no, wait, that's, that's great, Hi. 
Phoebe: And by great, I mean I love you Joey Bonnyman. 
Monica: Joey, Joey, Joey, sit! 
(He picks up his monkey. It has white noise.) 
Joey: What noise was that? 
Chandler: All I got was, was... noise. Oh my God. 
Phoebe: I'm sorry it didn't damage it, it... had any kind of... ...it mood? 
Chandler: Well, no, the important thing is it was just... It just needed to be
stunned, and it had become this cluster of, you know, 'I don't want to be an actor, I'm afraid that I
would be a horrible, horrible death'. And, you know, I came into this work-in-place
and there was this very bravewoman, that was the first woman I ever went on a date with, and not
laugh. And so, um... I mean, can you imagine if I pulled this off? I must say, the first
name she gave me was Leia. 
Joey: It was fun. I liked her. Well, the only thing I hated about the first
name, was... the way it said,, "Joey Bonzai". 
Phoebe: You are pathetic. You are man. Look at me. I am pathetic. 
Chandler: You are. (Joey starts laughing.) 
Joey: (To Chandler) All right. (Joey starts to leave.) I'm not a pathetic
man. I'm a pathetic dinosaur
