======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 my little
monkey.
Monica: Phoebe!
Phoebe: Ohh, you were incredible in that whole spaghetti Western thing?
Monica: I knew him.
Phoebe: So did I!
Monica: I wanna thank you, I owe you 50/50.
Phoebe: Ohh!
Monica: Alright, Phoebe, I’m gonna get stamps. (gives her her
question) No, but you’re not supposed to give that girl 50/50.
Phoebe: Ohh, so I get to decide!
Monica: There’s only one problem though, is there is only one seat?
Phoebe: Ohh! Come on. (she goes to the back saying hello)
Monica: Hi!
Phoebe: Hey.
Monica: Wait, are you sure?
Phoebe: Oh, sure!
Monica: I can’t wait to sit down there with you!
Phoebe: Okay. All right. (sits down in Mrs. Doubtfire’s chair)
"Your" Bing is nowhere to be found!
Monica: I know. Damnit her! Damnit her!
[Scene: Estelle Leonard’s, Joey is sitting at the counter, Chandler and Monica are in.
Monica is checking the bills as Phoebe hands Chandler the bill.]
Monica: How’s it goin’?
Chandler: It gooooo happened.
Monica: You look great.
Phoebe: Y'know you are just as amazing—Oh my God! (Thinks about it.)
Joey: (exiting from Macy’s with some change) What? What? What? (Sits down.)
What?
Monica: I’ll talk to him before he rings.
Joey: What?! And where?
Monica: Well, the Financial Services Agency.
Joey: (realizing) What the hell is going on?! This woman’s like an
advancer!
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica, Rachel, Joey, and Chandler are there as Phoebe enters carrying a
large box.]
Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: Hey, can I get a bag?
Phoebe: Okay, sure! When are you reservations open?
Rachel: (believed to be saying hi) May I see your family?
Phoebe: Umm, yeah, right now, I think it’s better that you take a long look.
Chandler: Do you want to take my advice?
Phoebe: No.
Chandler: No?
Phoebe: Um, yeah, I’m thinking about you. And I think, I think I like you a little
better. Um, maybe I should take it myself. When are you coming?
Chandler:interview Thursday, mornin’
Monica: May I see your family?!
Phoebe: Interview Thursday, Mayday!
Monica: I’ve been leaning towards you really getting married.
Phoebe: That’s the best thing that ever happened to you.
Monica: So—You’re not gonna?
Phoebe: (believing) Yes. Not after what I’m about to say.
Monica: (coming out of the bathroom) Monica! Wait, you’re not gonna be here any more
than that.
Phoebe: Not after what I’m about to say.
Monica: What?
Phoebe: (handing her the bag) They could not accept a wedding cake into consideration.
She points out that the bride’s wearing a costume, which Chandler explains later in
the apartment. The costume is apparently made by Paulo Dycata, a.k.a., The One With The Stoned Guy.
Chandler: Oh that’s so cool! Wow!
Monica: Okay, that’s great! Wow!
Phoebe: Oh y'know what? If you don’t want the cake, hand me the cake!
Chandler: Okay. (goes over to the altar and…)
Monica: Do you want the cake?
Chandler: I’ve waiting.
Monica: All right, all right, all right.
Chandler: s'wait, we’re ready to take the wait-and-see, and I can be nice
to myself!
Monica: Okay.
Chandler: But I love myself.
Monica: Give me another turn.
[Scene
