======== SAMPLE 1 ========
’s like a rule
of thumb. If you get your way you get screwed.
Joey: But-but… Y’know you can’t cheat on Valentine’s.
Monica: Sure, you can, but the point is you don’t even get to
decide who gets to spend the presents. Y’know I think I was promised
thou might get the most beautiful girlfriend I’ve ever had.
Phoebe: Valentine’s? 
Monica: Oh. Isn’t it a great story? 
Ross: It’s true. In college I got an A in Classics and a M in Fine
arts. 
Rachel: It’s even worse! In college I got a B in Fine Arts…
Monica: Fine Arts?!
Ross: Well okay fine arts! I didn’t get to choose. So now I’ve
either got it or I’m never gonna get it.
Monica: Isn’t it terrible.
Ross: Well okay. So I’ve decided I’m coming back to single
lishing! So much for being fired up about single page stuff!
[Scene: The Mr. Bowmont, its the last time they've ever been together. Joey is showing
himself out the door.]
Joey: Oh hey check it out, check it out, check it out. Huh? How do you
like your new bed? (He laughs as a gorgeous woman walks in) Okay uh, that’s
it. I love it. (She undoes the Mr. Bowmont door knob.)
Joey: Wait uh-uh, check the Mr. Bowmont. Ugh, it’s closed.
Woman: Ooh, not once. It’s closed.
Joey: Oh. Yeah, I know. Okay but, umm, check the Mr. Bowmont’s not
closing. Umm, well look I was about to say that I think it’s a little higher than
the answering machine.
Woman: (grabs her beeper) I’m sorry.
Joey: It’s open.
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica and Rachel are there. Rachel follows Phoebe into the living
room.]
Rachel: Hey Phoebe you weren’t finished with the wrapping paper yet?
Phoebe: No, but I have the class. (singing)
Chandler: (singing) Happy Valentine’s Day!
And any stories in the meanwhile?
Rachel: Oh please, what the hell you’re going through my daughter, just as
she?s only 16!
Monica: (entering with Chandler) Ho-ho! Happy Valentine’s Day!
Chandler: But I happy birthday to you!
Monica: Oh my God!
Chandler: How and why?!
Rachel: Oh, here’s a little tidbit. While I was working on this one
porn story meeting a certain producer, I got a letter which described me as having a
soothing wife.
Monica: (To Rachel) But why was I aothing wife?
Rachel: That’s right, photographer of the week. So I get to present
an award every year at the Guggenheim.
Chandler: Well I’m sorry, I couldn’t think of a better way to say
this. Happy Valentine’s.
Monica: Oh my God, you’re right. I got to say something too.
Rachel: Oh Phoebe, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.
Phoebe: Hey Happy Valentine’s Day I propose you kiss me at the door. 
(She opens the door of the living room. Everyone cheers as Ross and Chandler lead Ross
back up to kiss him.)
Rachel: (to Ross) So were you umm, Chandler Bing, uh?
Ross: Ok, I admit it. It kinda surprised you.
Monica: What did you say?
Ross: Yeah, I uh, I said that uh, I think you’re sweet, and I
think you’re smart.
Monica: Well actually, I’m a little wyghouse who uh, who came up
across that line was afraid to tell my friends.
(To Ross) And that may be, that’s why your dad wouldn’t want anyone
to go up there with you. So tell me if there’s anything else.
(They kiss.)
Chandler: So we’re just friends?

