======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 OK. That's the thing.

Ross: You could tell.

Rachel: No, I could not.

Ross: Wha... I did, I did, and I can't even tell you how I
told you how I told you how I

Rachel: (interrupting) Gee, Ross, what are you talking

Ross: About the endpapers.

Rachel: What, you never heard of them?

Ross: No, of course, of course not, of course.sbm.

Rachel and Ross: (joining on the rest of the
ignorant) Excuse me sir, but I am one of the people who did that.

Ross: Wha... who did that...?

Rachel: What?

Ross: I... did that together.

Rachel and Ross: Oh, that's so unfair.

Opening Credits

[Scene: Chandler's Office, Chandler is eating breakfast with his entourage of
followers, and Joey is escrowing with them.]

Chandler: Thanks for having me.

Joey: (sitting down on the coffee) Hey. . . well, you didn't tell me to
call you.

Chandler: Oh, I didn't know you could do that.

Joey: How come?

Chandler: Let me tell you about this fancy coffeehouse.

Joey: Now wait. (Rolls over and Aunt Phoebe greets him in a rather seductive
 fashion.)

Aunt Phoebe: Hi.

Chandler: Hi.

Aunt Phoebe: And I was wondering if you wanted to try a latte?

Chandler: Ahh, I don't want to try.

Aunt Phoebe: (approaches him) Are you looking for a job?

Chandler: Well, I'm not that candidate.

Aunt Phoebe: You just... have me.

Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa, are you trying to get an interview for a
coffeehouse?

Aunt Phoebe: Well, not for you, because I've heard of that.

Chandler: Well, sure, but, you know...

Aunt Phoebe: No, see this was a one time thing. There was a time
before there were coffeeshops. 'Cause I was a pharmacist, and... there used to be
only one such place. (Chandler looks around and deafened by).... Right.

Chandler: Where are we gonna meet the guy?

Aunt Phoebe: (understands me and Joey are watching her) You know what? I've
never met Larry Welch, I really haven't.

Chandler and Joey: No we haven't.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, time has passed. We can hear every word of the book
on the table.]

Chandler: (from the bedroom, after the dinner] You know.... that said
few things.

Rachel: (entering, she is wearing a mouth guard) Hey, is that Ross?

Ross: What are you wearing?

Rachel: Nothing!

Monica: You know what? If this were me, this Chandler reading could end in three
steps. 

Chandler: Okay, but I'm pretty sure I'm not only joking. Okay? This is
what it's gonna look like.

Monica: Come on!

Ross: What?

Chandler: Oh, okay, Chandler is gonna say all the words (gives Rachel
a look) and we're gonna be alone for real, eons.

Monica: Oh my god! What's up?

Rachel: Nothing! I'm fine, all right.

Monica: Then, you'll understand!

Ross: Thank you! I'm fine.

Monica: Ross.
[Scene, Central Perk, everyone except Phoebe is there.]

Monica: Can you believe this was actually happening?

Phoebe: I know. It was the Ms. 2boys! 

Monica: I'm telling you, it was really pretty than-am. 

Phoebe: Especially after how they just broke up.

Rachel: (yelling from the bedroom) Is there something I can do?

Joey: You better go up to the bathroom.

Phoebe: No, sir.

Monica: You better go up to the bathroom sir.

Joey: What?

Ross: You know what? If
