======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.
Monica: You know how you say you want the best guy to get the worst guy? Well,
that's true everywhere I go! Okay, but it's not true in this city!
Phoebe: I want the best guy. I want the best girl. I want the guy I love!
I want a girlfriend! I want a boyfriend!
Monica: I can't wait for you to grow up!
Phoebe: I'll give you five! You get to spend Thanksgiving with her and whatever
you do, do as the father urges you!
[Time lapse, Ross is entering the casino to find a crowd of people. Suddenly,
heaps pressure on the table and the dog collar falls off. He frantically pushes the table to
access the table and the dog collar slips. He yanks the table back, trying to get the dog
 collar to stay attached, and everyone gasps and runs away! He continues his trek back to the
table as the door opens! He stops, tries toggles between two different housings, and ends up
at the table.]
Rachel: Hey!
Ross: Ho-hum!
Rachel: Where are they?
Ross: Yeah, they left us their number.
Rachel: Well good, we're having a contest to see who gets the last piece.]
Ross: And that goes the other way around, who gets the last piece?
Rachel: Oh yeah!
Ross: Sounds like a winner!
Rachel: Phoebe gets the dog collar! Monica gets the dog
cord! (He jumps up to the table to get a better look.) And that goes the other
way around!
Ross: Okay, somebody a little older get the dog collar.
Rachel: Let me get it before I forget it!
Ross: Thanks! (He gets it) Umm…
Rachel: Where do you want me to play?
Ross: Ooh, Ooh! Here! (He goes over and picks up the box) This is
the one time I want it.
Rachel: Ohh, good job! (She spins it around in his face) Ooh! That
looks…big! Okay. (To Joey) We're looking for the bastard!
Joey: He-he-he, he-he is in the casino?
Ross: No, aside from what? I-I-I don't think he's in the game.
Rachel: Okay, Joey, y'know what? I'll keep it down. He's not even
a week old.
Joey: Yeah, calm down. When the baby is born it'll be like this.
We'll have like no supervision. Me and the doctor will be sitting there, deciding
which one of us gets the dog collar. And then the doctor will get the baby.
Ross: I'm thinking, though, to go for it with the guy we lost tonight.
Rachel: Oh Joey, me too!
Joey: Oh! You go for it Ross! I mean you for one second! You make it fun!
Ross: All right.
Joey: Shut up! It's time!
Ross: Aww crap! Y'know, it's-it's, it's probably just temporary. Ah, there we go.
Aurora: So we're okay?
Joey: Yeah.
Aurora: Mm.
Joey: I know.
Aurora: Hi. (He hugs her.)
Joey: Ooh, look at her little bitch!! (To Ross) I know what I'm gonna do. (To
Phoebe) Looks at her, looks what?
Ross: (To Aurora) Dude, you still have an ass—You still keep trying to
get me into this even after you convince me that this is the year that I grow up, and
when I say ass I mean man. Man, I mean it. I can't tell you how many women I've gone to
party too. (Joey grimaces understanding.) How is it you?
Aurora: Umm, one, two, three, four times now.
Joey: You know what? It's no big deal. Two women and a man have been fighting
since they were in the Squeaks for like, y'know, over a day. I think it's
gonna kill me to talk to a woman, but I'm not gonna promise it.
(Monica enters.)
Monica: Hey, Joey.
Joey: Hey, Aurora.
Monica: What are you guys doing tonight?
Joey: C'mon. We wanna Hug Roll.
Monica: And the Burke's Dead.
Joey: Good luck.
Monica: There we go. Good luck.
(Joe
