======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 I do have another chance to get her back.'

MR. JOEY: But you know what? Your own life's work.

CHANDLER: What?! How stupid of you!

MONICA: So uh, it's you and her, what have you been up to?

JOEY: Oh, just so you know, it's been a long day and I think I might just die.

MONICA: I don't know. How much longer are you gonna have to wait before you die?

JOEY: Uh, I'm not gonna make it in like a couple months.

MONICA: I know you're right, I'm just gonna have to get you married.

JOEY: Why not? You can call, it won't cost you anything.

[Scene: Monica, Rachel, Joey, the rest of the gang are now entering.]

MONICA: I know, right? I'm not gonna goin' anywhere, alright? You know what, I'm got my
boots on the ground, man?

JOEY: Yeah.

MONICA: What are you guys talking about? You're married and I'm not.

JOEY: That's right, we're not. So, are you married and we're still not, we're gettin' married.

MONICA: All right now.

JOEY: Well, wait a minute, wait a minute let me finish right here. This is about me, I'm getting
married. I'm getting married. I'm marrying you.

MONICA: No, no no, I-I'm the man now.

JOEY: I'm the guy I'm getting married to.

MONICA: No, I know that's what it is. You wanna live with my boyfriend, but at least he's
a big man.

JOEY: Yeah.

MONICA: You don't wanna live with my boyfriend? I hate that.

JOEY: Well that's okay too, y'know what we can handle. You could live with my boyfriend.

MONICA: No, no, you wanna live with my boyfriend then. I'm gonna live with my girlfriend and this is it.

JOEY: Ok, wait, I've gettin' married.

MONICA: You know what? You should. It's not like I gave up. You know what? I was getting married
in New York City and you already live there, you could live in London.

JOEY: Ok, I am, I am a guy.

MONICA: You wanna live with me, but I know you guys are not gonna live in London, you know.
You know, like, in your house, you know something? You know, or you could be around London where
we could try to find a house.

JOEY: Uh, well, I'm not, I'm not in London, okay.

MONICA: So are you going to live with me, or do you want to live with me?

JOEY: Ok, okay, I'm not giving up, I am giving up the whole thing.

MONICA: Hey, you wanna go to your boyfriend's?

JOEY: Ok, I haven't even thought about that yet.

MONICA: What about your girlfriend?

JOEY: Oh, I'm not gonna go where my boyfriend lives. Ok, ok, she's not your girlfriend. Ok, this is
not going to be the first time that happened.

MONICA: What?

JOEY: Ok, I don't know, I didn't know you liked her too much.

MONICA: You know what? No one likes her too much. Ok, maybe it'll happen then, maybe I don't like
her as much as my boyfriend. You just watch TV?

JOEY: How do you watch TV? What's that?

MONICA: [to Ross] Ok, it's your first time in London. You might not like
her but if she gets some steam then she'll tell you!

JOEY: Yeah, ok, she doesn't want it to be my last visit. I think, she sees me here all the time,
okay, you could get this on TV she'd be a lesbian, OK. What's a problem?

MONICA: [to Chandler] Well, let's see. [to Joey] Ok.

JOEY: Ok.

MONICA: Ok, this is, Ok, let's do it all in one go. [to Ross] Ok, I really have to get your money
off your card, don't be a bitch. [runs over to the bag of bills
