======== SAMPLE 1 ========
: All right look, y’know, I-I don’t want to
trigger this now.

Mona: Oh you’re right, I don’t.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Ross is entering from the bathroom mirror.]

Ross: Dude!

Rachel: God that is great Garth!

Ross: What?

Rachel: Hi I’m just wanting to dump her again but the third time still
starts a conversation. How about, for instance.

Ross: Okay umm, I’m just saying y’know, maybe-maybe you should
do it now.

Rachel: Okay.

Ross: Okay.

Rachel: I’ve had a lot of relationships over the last two weeks where her
trusty was under my y’know, that is until it
hit me that she wasn’t necessarily my y’know, that she was, that she
was right. So y’know, maybe-maybe you should do it now.

Ross: Okay.

Rachel: Okay.

Ross: Okay.

Rachel: I’m so happy she’s back at the table, I hope we can
get some coffee together later?

Ross: I’m so happy she’s gonna-hey-hey she’s coming home, I hope
she’s liking it here, at least it’s getting me to write her some letters
okay, about the funeral, (exhaling in ecstasy) I’m so happy she’s coming home, I
see how you felt y’know, home, home.

Rachel: (writing in her book) Shrines on spirit, on bread and wine, on
ethical decisions, on divorce lawyer Kip Blehinbaums merry band, on behalf of all those
who have been trapped in that bitter relationship hell or high water.... (Ross has
removed her feet once again from writing.) Okay Ross, thanks for
making all the noises. I never imagined that we were having these problems.

Ross: Really? I mean, I don’t know about that.

Rachel: You’re a big guy, and you have a penis that big, you
know. But I mean what you just said is just the tip of the iceberg.

Ross: I know.

Rachel: It does, though. Y’know what? After this guy I married who
married a woman in thirties, I realized I was not the same person I was 30 seconds
before. And I realized what a jerk I was before too.

Ross: Yeah?

Rachel: I’m gonna get some cabs in a few hours. I’m never gonna
get a cab in forty-something years.

Ross: So you’re not gonna be my ex-girlfriend, are you?

Rachel: No really.

Ross: Well, for you, I guess.

Rachel: Not after you dumped my sister.

Ross: Okay, I guess.

Rachel: No breaking up was not gonna work.

Ross: Okay, I’m gonna see you tomorrow night.

Rachel: Well, I’m not gonna miss tomorrow.

Ross: Well, umm, I’m just, I’m going to throw a party.

Rachel: Okay.

Ross: The best mano sayso

Rachel: I do, do I?!
[Scene: The hospital, Chandler and Monica are in Mr. Wetherspoons and
telling a story.]

Ross: Our stay here at Mac and Road used to be an unbelievable four years of
work, of course money would pay for itself, but lately, things've gotten a little
tough.

Chandler: I know. I like it. We both like it. But…

Monica: (opening the door of the women’s room) You’ve had enough of this
couch. How bad could it be?

Ross: Well, I have a date with Andrea Vorkouda, and I was with her when she
shot the bird. (Monica glares at him.) That’s not an
identical bird.

Chandler: I’m gonna go too.

Monica: Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!

Ross and Chandler enter.

Chandler: You…know…did she invite you over for dinner?

Monica: Of course. Did she invite you over for an empty house of
