======== SAMPLE 1 ========
! I'm in the car, I'm in the car? (Shows
Rachel her badge.) A license plate? (Throws it on the floor as though it's an
engagement ring.) What's that on my badge? (Rachel does a fake wedding.) Oh, uh, hey,
hello, welcome home, hello home, I'm Doug Greenblatt!
Rachel: Well, so what are you married to?
Molly: Oh, I'm wed to Betty Oberge.
Rachel: Betty Oberge.
Molly: I'm not married to Betty Oberge.
Rachel: How-how can that be a problem, marriage is something that's been
wedding to me?
Monica: I know, it is. You're not even supposed to be married here,
that's for a museum!
Rachel: Yay!!
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel's, later that day Ross enters.]
Ross: Hi.
Monica: So what did you do, huh?
Ross: I went down to Central Perk.
Monica: That must have been like magic.
Ross: Yeah, it felt like home.
Monica: Okay, so, what happened? 
Ross: Ah, you said, "I went to Central Perk."
Monica: What is it, what's it about?
Ross: Ah, I don't know.
Monica: Why wouldn't you ask?
Ross: I don't know. I mean, look, you're marrying Rachel right now, why should I
pressure you?
Monica: Why would I ask? I don't know if you're marrying Rachel right now or not.
Ross: Okay.
Monica: Why?
Ross: Rachel.
Monica: Why should I pressure you? I'm-I'm our best man, nothing more, nothing
another Rachel? (Throws the phone down and starts singing. Monica grabs him and pulls
her down.) What are you, what're you doing here? (Runs over to Ross and Rachel.) We're just
wanting to talk about the phone, okay?
Ross: I'm, I'm just yanking.
Monica: Monica, the phone just dropped right?
Ross: Oh, it went right up against the wall.
Monica: That is terrible, all of a sudden you're really not talking and I-I can't
tell you how many times I've been scared and stuff because it's just so scary, it's like you are a
monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey!
Ross: I didn't know that.
Monica: Oh my God!
Ross: Yeah, it's okay. You don't have to feel this way.
Monica: Okay. That's the part where I tell you, I feel good about you.
Ross: Uh, Mon, I-I am not telling you everything! You're on.
Monica: I am telling you everything. That's the part where I tell you I'm sorry. I'm
sorry there's been, there wasn't anything, there is. I'm sorry that I screwed up the first day and
that I didn't do enough! I am sorry that I did stuff like, hang on really hard.
Ross: Okay.
Monica: Yeah, I'm sorry I did that!
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is pouring Ratatouille on the spout as Leona walks in.]
Leona: Yo-oh!
Joey: Yo-oh! We're all out of beers.
(She turns around and sees Joey coming and tackles him loudly. The noise of the
attacks is drowned out by the screeching from the strangers and she turns away in disgust.)
Joey: Hey Leona!
Leona: Who are you?
Joey: Joey! (They hug).
Closing Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Rachel are in bed, having just finished eating breakfast and are
crying nervously.]
Rachel: I just wanna be clean about this, I want to be clean about this.
Monica: I know it's not your fault, but you always were a little mushy about it.
Rachel: You were good.
Monica: Yeah.
Rachel: I was right about that.
Monica: Oh well, I have my new assistant, who is much, much more open and personal
than I am.
Rachel: Uh-huh!
Monica: Oh, come on, we were just about to drink some of that breakfast fat and salt
melt to-fat and eat it all.
(The crowd of strangers returns with their pizza but Monica picks up a steaming cup and
mouths, "Don't-don't
