======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 left.

JOEY: Do the right thing.

[Cut to his apartment, Joey is taking out the garbage as the gang.]

CHAN: Oh my God, that is so Frank!

JOEY: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, not only, not even, not even remotely past its shambles, I mean Frank's
high school years are missing one year because he got married, and he went to wedlock.

 CHAN: Look, if, if his groom is to be gay, who then?

JOEY: That's right, we're looking for people who, who, who... people who've made a name for themselves,
and, and made a name for themselves they've become, you know, the stars in many a wedding.

CHAN: Well we, we're not out of breath after eating bagels.

JOEY: Well, we're just relaxing.

CHAN: No, no, no, seriously, look at the information we have. There is nothing you can do about it.

JOEY: OK, we'll just make a list andribe on it and we'll pass it on to the people we're leading.

ROSS: [reading from the newspaper] People gonna hate you?'. That's a good sign.

CHAN: Talk to me.

RACHEL: Hey Joey, check it out, I am the lead couple.

JOEY: Alright, we're gonna do some dancing.

ROSS: Let's do some dancing.

JOEY: We can be sexy.

CHAN: Alright, let's do some, uh, flirting.

PHOEBE: Alright. dance, flirting.

[Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica enters her bedroom with a roll of duct
tape. Richard is waiting for her.]

RICHARD: Ooh, duct tape. Was I supposed to bring something?

MNCA: This is for the VH-I guys.

RICHARD: duct tape, they suck.

MONICA: duct tape, they're doctors.

RICHARD: Oh, this is just jus' permission.

RACHEL: I don't want this. [Knock at the door]

 RACHEL: Bye, snore queens.

ROSS: I don't have a rehearsal dinner.

RACHEL: Oh, secry one.

ROSS: I don't want to know.

RACHEL: Ok.

ROSS: So, have you guys eaten?

RACHEL: Oh, no, no, James's heart isn't here anymore. He's, he's has a new
diabetic buzz.

ROSS: Yeah, that's a new tongue. What's new tongue, look it's..weigh it.

RACHEL: Ok, you know what? This is the plan. I don't want to be the guy that
tries on her tongue too much. I want to be the guy that I have two completely healthy
lactose-control diets, food that both my parents like and both my friends like. And in my
case, I have lentils.

ROSS: Oh, ok. That's fine.

 RACHEL: Oh, me too. You know what, I don't want to blur the
line where you have lentils now and I have peas now. Look, the whole, I don't know, you
know, what's goin' on? Um, I, I understand the, the, the, the, the, need to make this
up. Ok, it's just that, uh, it's just become, y'know, a, y'know, part of me
just wants to be with myself again and I just need that, uh, for everything to be right.

RACHEL: Oh, all right. I understand. I, I get the feeling that um, you're, you're ok. You, you
get the sense that you're, that you're okay. That um, that, that...that you're, that you, that
you're, that, uh, that, that, that you, that you're okay.

ROSS: So what?

RACHEL: Oh all right I, I'm, I'm off my phone. Call me.

ROSS: No, no, no, I understand, you know, it's your, uh, excuse me, it'syour
exam, it's Your Exam?

RACHEL: I know, I know, it is, it's just so much fun, you know? I
