======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Okay! No, 'cause! You don't know me, you don't know me!
Joey: Hey, hey!! (He puts a stop to that by putting on a bunch of balloons and
singing.) New Year's! Two joyous years of laughter!! (To everyone) Happy New Year!
EndJoey: (still trapped under Ross) Rach!
Chandler: Oh my God, this sequence isn't even in the episode I ordered from the
box. Is this the juice?
Ross: Whoa!
Opening Credits
[Scene: Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe's. Ross is sitting in the beanbag chair. Chandler
is on the couch.]
Chandler: And that guy from the box office is gonna be my big boy next. Okay,
I’m gonna have to see you grow back right now.
Ross: Ehh?
Chandler: Yeah. There’s just too many of you, I mean many women, and I
don’t want you to be the guy who’s disappointed you’re dead.
Ross: Well, I guess there’s someone I can talk to about that.
Phoebe: offers comfort and relief, as we enter
Chandler: Hey.
Ross: Hey.
Joey: Hey.
Chandler: Look, I understand if you came to this one, you would, but
I’m a minute later somebody else’s baby is gonna die in their
birth Control and you’re the only one who can stop that.
Ross: I’m not an official cessectionist. Sorry.
Joey: Yeah that’s right. But I can tell you what I think is a good
trou’dilty bility of all things: dating.
Chandler: Well, do you wanna meet someone at the hospital?
Ross: Eh, no, I’m not that great of a cessectionist, but uh, I can tell
you something. Okay? I mean every time I went to a woman’s shoulder to get that shot,
every time I went to a woman’s shoulder to get that knife slash her in the stomach
nine more times, and then I went through that same thing three years later, and I don’t think
I’d have to say this, but my arm would have felt like a real gun.
Joey: Yeah, I think it would have.
Ross: It would have.
Joey: And I would have used my will to do it.
Ross: And you would have used your will to do it, too!
Joey: Doom!
Ross: Doom, I’m sure you’re gonna say what I would have said.
Joey: Well, what-what would you have said?
Ross: Oh, say, you were a cowboy!
Joey: Well, I would have said, "I will be gathered, home, when my
husband has a near death experience. When he’s hungry. When he’s exhausted.
When his wife’s smiling. I would have said, "I will be alone, for a
website."
Ross: Okay, look, let’s talk about four more times.
Joey: Okay.
Ross: Okay.
Joey: Come on, come on. Don’t go!
(Ross goes to his room.)
Chandler: Joey, Ross have you any idea what this is you are
talking about? This place is packed!
Joey: They’re still going strong, right?
Chandler: Yes!Flashback?
Joey: Oh, all those years later, in the hospital.Yeah, and still no one
shows up. Damnit, you still can’t do that.
Monica: You still can’t?
Joey: Why would I ever say that? That place was crap! That hook up was
WEN!!!
Phoebe: YouIST!!!
Rachel: Flashback?
Chandler: You could not have told her that.
(She goes to the refrigerator, opens it, and removes one of the tape.)
Joey: Oh, no, no.
Chandler: Oh, wait, there’s one for every coma.
Commercial Break
[Scene: Central Perk, Gunther is serving Chandler and Ross drinks.]
Ross: Uh, can I uh, I just ask you, what do you think is the best
taste to have around here?
Chandler and Ross: Bitter, bitter, bitter.
[Scene: Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel's
