======== SAMPLE 1 ========
! You're a big guy.
Phoebe: Okay, but then who would want to play with you? No one.
You play alone? Noo! That's not true. You are with Rachel.
Chandler: Oh, I am with Rachel! Oh, oh my God, I need you guys to come home from
the concert!
Phoebe: You're gonna wanna stay here?
Chandler: No! Please don't go! I don't want you to miss out on any of
your important plans.
Monica: (stopping Chandler from leaving) I just, I'm sorry, I couldn't help you. It
wasn't mine.
Chandler: It was yours.
Phoebe: (to Chandler) I'm sorry! I-I didn't say anything you didn't. Thank you
for what you've done to one of my best friends, and I know I haven't paid a lot of
money back to her, but I need to know if my other friends will think of an excuse. (Joey
runs up and grabs him.) Joey! Come here and see my friend, you two are really
mean to me! (Joey turns down his shirt to make room.) Do I have to go back to work now? I
know I just had a really beautiful talk about this with that guy! Can't you do that to me?!
Joey: (sits down) Why is it so hard for women to get on the
list of these incredible women? Because it's just not a list!
Monica: Well, I know there's a great thing going on in the world that you, Chandler,
can't do.
Joey: Well, if you are, then what are you gonna do? I'm just gonna tell you two the
truth...
Chandler: I won't!
Phoebe: No! You won't! You've had so many women reject you that, that
you can't tell them anything....
Joey: So, you don't want me to tell them?
(He sits down across from her. Chandler slowly leans in to kiss. He tries to hide his lips
from her but she's trying to get away by using the back of his head as a whip.)
Phoebe: Oh God.
Chandler: Are you sure?
Phoebe: That's good.
Joey: Yeah, yeah. You're gonna tell it?
Chandler: I'm gonna tell it!
Phoebe: Okay, y-you gonna talk about it?
Joey: That's a good idea. You know what's so hard for me?
Phoebe: Yes! Tell me you have to, because I'm gonna teach you how to
be good at telling lies... (Chandler opens the door.)
Phoebe: You gonna go take a lot out of me?!
Ending Credits
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is walking along the floor as Mrs. Bowden enters.]
Mrs. Bowden: Well, this is Mrs. Bowden, who, like so many others, did a lot of
research on women's health.
Mr. Bowden: What did she find?
Mrs. Bowden: Umm... (Gets up to see her with her glasses on.) Well, I was
sure to find out that you had high-pitched voices and had a nose that was much bigger than
the nose of my sister.
Mrs. Bowden: Okay, I am sorry... I was kinda hoping it would be different...
Mrs. Bowden: It is! Is it?
Mrs. Bowden: I can't give you my exact findings.
Mrs. Bowden: But what are you gonna do? You're not gonna do anything
at all to help her.
Mrs. Bowden: So, that's what this is for. So... uh, I'm your wife,
and you're a woman who has done a lot of research on women's health. Um-hm...?
Mrs. Bowden: I'm sorry, sir. All right, you can come back. I'm sure I can turn
around on you, and I'm sure that you'll think I'm some kind of idiot!
Mrs. Bowden: No! No! And what's the matter? I said, 'Look, I have a
problem!
Mrs. Bowden: Fine! I'll call ya in the afternoon, and I'll tell you one thing, and
tell you the other...
EndThe Credits[Monica: It's been a long wait for Monica and Monica to meet
each other. I mean, it's only a matter of time until they finally. And I mean it
wouldn't surprise me in the least if there's
