======== SAMPLE 1 ========

Gunther: Don’t forget.
Gunther: You really need to be careful around me Gunther: Oh, I’m sorry Gunther: Really Gunther: Oh no Gunther: Oh, I’m fine Gunther: Come on Gunther: It doesn’t matter to you, I have
the best friend I have Gunther: I want you Gunther: Okay, but I have to meet Ross’s daughter
and we can’t be late Gunther: Well then I’ll leave before Ross’s baby is born Gunther: Well, then, I was
not happy about your friend’s friend Gunther: Oh, come on Gunther: This whole apartment thing is ridiculous
Gunther: (To herself) Really!
Gunther: Ross, this has been unbelievable! I couldn’t tell you who got what apartment
it’s been, but I can tell you who I like best, Ross. Ross Geller. Ross. Yeah,
he’s got my best apartment, and you all know him (To Ross) you’d be crazy
I’m telling you, I’m pretty confident that you can date me.
Ross: Really! (They start to go inside, but Gunther takes hold of Chandler’s
bag and pulls it up over his head. As he does so, Ross lunges forward into the bag and slams it
against Chandler’s butt.)
Ross: Here you go. (To himself) Hey, who the hell are you?
Chandler: Umm, what’s that? Ross that’s a guy.
Ross: (laughs) He-he-he-ho-ho-ho you think the apartment is a dump. (Sees that
Chandler’s butt in the bag and throws it into the bathtub.)
[Scene: A restaurant, Ross is seated at the head of the menu and notices a
cow's-eye view of the city.]
Ross: Oh, yes, yes I'm aware, I'm very aware. (To the waitress) You can’t
just say 'cow's-eye view of the city' without swearing off the restaurant
and just leave it alone?
The waitress: (to Ross) No, I’m sorry. I-I- I’ll let the chef serve you
your tea.
Ross: Ah, this is excellent. (He thanks her.)
The waitress: Oh, okay, great, great, all right, now get the chicken
with the bay leaves back. (Ross nods his head in agreement.) (Reading the instruction to the chicken
plant.)
[Scene: Central Perk, Rachel is helping Chandler dress for his trip to Las Vegas. He notices
he has a hard time keeping the outfit neat and tidy and decides it
needs to be changed. He hands Rachel a rolled up sheet of paper with the name on it and a
picture of a nude man around it]
Rachel: Hey Rach! (He walks to the door and starts to erase the name on
the paper.) (Points at Chandler.) Man-o-man!
Ross: Don’t worry, this is the first time he’s ever described
mysterious visitors. I’ll get it right away.
Rachel: And now Rach, Ross is so over your face!
Ross: It’s Christmas! See, I-I-I’m not married!
Rachel: And the only reason you haven’t called me just now is because a bunch
of people showed up to help. I mean, I’m just trying to save the day!!
Ross: Why?! Why aren’t you helping me?
Rachel: That’s not even an interesting point.
Ross: Okay, y’know what? The only reason I don’t see Santa right now is because
I don’t see him!!!
Rachel: (gasps) Is it because of the hat? Because of the hat? ‘Cause of the hat?
Ross: No, no, because we did not meet Santa. 
Rachel: (gasps) Is it because of the hat?! 
Ross: No. He’s not his real name, he’s the real address, and I will never be able
to tell him off. And if I see him at all, I will kill him. 
(Gunther comes out of the bathroom and they run into her bedroom.]
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler, Monica, Ross, and Phoebe are entering in their bath
suits.]
Chandler: Hey honey, what’s up?
Monica: You missed my
