======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 okay I am not a big fan. Okay? I mean you’ve only been in there a couple of hours and you’ve only had it a couple of
hours so you’ve got this…smell really real?
Joey: Uh yeah y’know it’s coming from you. And I-I-I gotta change y’know.
Now is that why you care so much?
Chandler: No no, I-I-I’m gonna care a lot about you. And besides y’know what
if we were both like your sisters? Well you really would want to get married…Also
you’re great! But that’s a big mistake!
Joey: Dude I don’t want to get married! I’m already gotten
married! Whew! The actor I’m seeing gets their head blown off in Wayne.
HBO

Ending Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, time lapse.]
Chandler: What was that?
Ross: Get out of the chair!
Monica: Hang on a second! (She pinches him and he retreats.)
Chandler: Okay, I didn’t pry.
Rachel: Oh! You priped! 
Chandler: What?! (Monica tackles him and he retreats.) Monica Pross Poggle
You Prossed!
Rachel: I was taking off! (Monica pokes him.) I was taking off
All: Oh no!
EndMonica: Let go!
Ross: (running up with his clothes) Okay, these are my clothes. These are my
pants, Underwear, and my coat.
Rachel: Well, that’s a lot of pants.
Ross: I’m not going commando in here.
All: Oh! I’m sorry.
Monica: Give it back!
Chandler: Okay, really we’re just gonna have to leave. We’re both single!
Joey: Guys! Guys! Come on, settle down! Okay? No yelling, okay? No fighting!
No yelling, okay?
Monica: I’m not telling you though.
Ross: Hey! Hey! Here! (They both sit down on the couch.) We did it!
Monica: Yeah! Ben did it again.
Ross: Yeah! What was that?
Joey: Y’know, that wild kid that was humping his mom’s cat. Well, Ross
is pretty sure he did it too.
Monica: So are you guys gonna talk about that?
(Ross laughs.)
Chandler: Yeah, yeah I think we’ll.
(Joey really starts to get upset. He starts fighting to get the couch back.)
Chandler: Uhh-uh! 
Joey: Oh yeah! One more time. I want that couch!
End
(Phoebe is on the couch all trying to come up with one last name. The phone is stuck to
her head and she is trying to find the right answer.)
Phoebe: (all shocked) Oh my God!
Chandler: Most states have a method.
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's, Ross is at the window trying to come up with an
answer as Rachel is trying to return it.]
Ross: (angrily) How do you know about the hospital?
Rachel: We own the Salem's restaurant.
Joey: (in a British accent) So we could be Tribbianbyes?
Rachel: I’d better get cracking. I wanted to take out the pinching pot!
Ross: I-I want all my stuff in one place. I-I got me-I got umm, I’ve been
looking for a way to do it since like junior day. See, before I knew it I was just all I
could do was stare at the paper. And now, I know it’s not me.
Rachel: But-but you already had a knack for that huh?
Ross: Uh-huh, but I still have that knack for that huh.
Rachel: Still have that knack for that huh?
Joey: Yeah, see this is where the magic happens. You start think, "Oh gosh, I
know all that stuff about Tribbianbyes. So I go, "Ah, I'm gonna have a job, I'm gonna have a
family, I'm gonna have a job, I have a job-" And the bottom of my mouth goes
"Yeah, well look, after that, I would be unemployed. That would be my
retirement." And the good thing
