======== SAMPLE 1 ========
iceler: (takes his coat) (Looking around.) Oh my God, this guy is
my grandmother. (Ross stares at her.)
Chandler: Yeah.
Ross: Maybe he's just taking a nap on my couch.
Chandler: No, not that guy. He's just—Oh God, he's sleeping on my
couch.
Rachel: (entering) Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Rachel: What's going on?
Phoebe: Oh, umm, I didn't feel pretty about the whole situation, you know
whaddya mean.
Joey: Whaddyou mean.
Ross: Well I'm ah, I'm sorry.
Chandler: Actually, I'm pretty much on board.
Joey: Yeah-yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, nice conversation.
Rachel: Joey!
Joey: All right! Hey, can I talk to you for a second?
Chandler: Yeah, sure!
Phoebe: Well, I just got word that you and I will be going down to the labor
committee to look into the matter.
Rachel: Oh, honey, I'm so sorry.
Chandler: Yeah, I mean I'm really sorry, it was a stupid caper.
Joey: So, you know nothing of the legacy years. When the capers came
to Mechanicsburg.
Chandler: Not that there's anything 'til we get back to Mechanicsburg.
Phoebe: I know nothing of that.
Ross: Nothing, uh, nothings of the labor department either. In fact, I was one of the
those people that got the--the pinstripe countersomething--you know uh,tered
bying--"No beans, beans to the rescue." And oh, the woman was actually really great. And
sweet, sweet."
Joey: Hey, don't forget about Janice. (Joey especially points out Janice,
the woman who actually promoted him. Check it out)
Chandler: So uh, anything from the farm?
Ross: I know a little bit about a haven in Monticello called the
 "Libertadors."
Chandler: Hey, how're we running that place?
Rachel: Oh, don't-don't, don't ask.
Chandler: (returning) Okay, Janice. What's the accent? I was thinking
it would be uh, more like Frisbee.
Rachel: Oh, well, I uh, I actually had trouble with it on the first attempt.
Chandler: Here, see Frisbee. (He puts his arm around her.) Yeah, it's
kinda hard to tell when someone's in your face, yeah.
Ending Credits
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's, Chandler and Monica are still in the bed.]
Chandler: So he's turning blue again!
Monica: My God, that was the longest he's been in the barn! (She runs over to
hears behind him.) That was Ollie!
Chandler: Yeah? You know Ollie?
Monica: Yeah.
Chandler: Hi. (He turns Green Beanie.) Oh, um, can I see you for a
second?
(He walks her back in to the bed, takes off his coat, and shoves her hand through her
shorts. She covers her face and loses the gesture. He goes to get some help from the
bed but just ignores it.)
EndMonica: What?
Phoebe: (from the bedroom) Don't you remember when you could watch over
Monica? When she wouldn't go off to college? When she found out you had fun because
you were?
Ross: (To Chandler) I just don't think you understand that.
Chandler: Well I don’t, but the gravity must have made a woman into a
cow.
EndMonica: I can't believe I'm gonna be doing this again. I mean it's great! I
can't believe people are falling for me, you know? And I think it's great for me. 
(She kisses him and kisses him. She holds the cork for a little while then picks
up the wine and picks up the spoon. Then she grabs Chandler by the hair and kisses him
there.)
Chandler: Bye.
Monica: Oh…no. I mean I can't believe you did this to me.
Phoebe: No that’s, that’s stupid. No no no no no no no. Not since I told,
told Fact or No Dreams.
Chandler: (starting to
